New article "Crash analyzer tool" (#3086)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/about-tools.md

| **Changes** tool | Tracks any changes you've made to CSS or JavaScript in DevTools.  Shows you what changes to make to your actual source files after you use DevTools to modify your webpage files sent from the server. | [Track changes to files using the Changes tool](changes/changes-tool.md) |
| **Console** tool | An intelligent, rich command line within DevTools.  A great companion tool to use with others tools.  Provides a powerful way to script functionality, inspect the current webpage, and manipulate the current webpage using JavaScript. | [Console overview](console/index.md) |
| **Coverage** tool | Help you find unused JavaScript and CSS code, to speed up your page load and save your mobile users cellular data. | [Find unused JavaScript and CSS code with the Coverage tool](coverage/index.md) |

> | **Crash analyzer** tool | Analyze Microsoft Edge crashes.  You can input a JavaScript stack trace, such as for non-fatal JavaScript exceptions, and then have your sourcemaps applied to the stack trace so that you can debug faster. | [Crash analyzer tool](./crash-analyzer/index.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Crash analyzer** tool | Analyze crashes of your web app.  You can input a JavaScript production stack trace, such as for non-fatal JavaScript exceptions, and then have your sourcemaps applied to the stack trace so that you can debug faster. | [Crash analyzer tool](./crash-analyzer/index.md) |
```

The tool isn't to analyze crashes of the Edge app, but rather crashes of web apps that run in Edge.

Author: replaced
